My Understanding of China-Australia Relation: Problems and Prospects
- - - - - - - 

# Problems
  There are three kind of problems in the history of China Australia relation namely racial conflicts, third party problems and trade problems.

## Racial conflicts
  As I knew there are mainly two reasons for the Australia racial conflicts that days. Firstly, competition. It is said that there were about 40 thousand Chinese living in Australia in the year of 1858. They had several features including hard-working, gambling, opium smoking, etc. Searching only for gold, they did they best to find all gold they would find even in the closed mine. Because of this competition the white fought against Chinese settling in Australia. Secondly, theory. Apart from competition, the theory of social Darwinism is also an important factor leaded to the White Australia Policy afterwards. Australian who held this opinion often thought that they are the advanced race and the Chinese is like animals as dogs, wolf and etc. To build a country with bright future Chinese and other colored people should be deported. 
  Opposite to the White Australia Policy, in the Racial Discrimination Act 1975 the government said a multi-racialism country is rational and necessary. But that did not change the situation quickly. In the 1990s there are many students went there for further study. Many students were treated unequally by their professors and classmates.
  Do the Chinese face such problems nowadays? Compared to most other countries, No. Compared to a theoretical ideal, yes. Even though many people agree that Australia is still a racist country, but the colored with competency will always be respected. How people view the question of whether or not Australia is a racialist country or not in survey?
  Those grew up with the White Australia Policy are always terribly embarrassingly racist. Who these racialism discriminate? Normally speaking all other races except those come from southern Europeans. A 12-year-survey, conducted by leading universities, found NSW and QLD to be the most racist state, while Victoria was one of the most tolerant. 23.8% among 12512 people surveyed Australia-wide were negative towards Asians. Chinese is not the most who are unwelcome, the most discriminated is the Aboriginal and the Muslims.

## Third party problems
  Or this can be said as problems of international relations. Australia is weak in military power and need a country for guardian. Before the Second World War his brother is Britain and after 1945 is America. Other countries such as Japan and Russia have very important strategic importance to him.
  British not only played as a protector but also a scapegoat. Because of the White Australia Policy all Chinese were discriminated. Many Chinese would not find a group for help, so they managed to persuade the Qing government to send ambassadors to Australia. Unfortunately, Qing dynasty is so weak that Qing had made any effort but would not get any result. Each time the Chinese government argued right for Australian Chinese the Australia government would say that you'd best turn to the British government in the after 19th and early 20th century. But British is too far away from Australia, and with the influence of Britain in the world reducing day by day Australia hope to find a new guardian. 
  After the World War II, America became a new power. Australia-United States relations are formalized by the ANZUS treaty and the Australia-United States Free Trade Agreement. After ANSUS, a serials of treaties were singed like War on Terror in 2003. As we can see, Australia is a follower of the western especially the United States on policy but its economy seriously relay on Asia especially China. China is no more the nation as Qing dynasty but China is not that important to Australia although the largest trading nation of Australia is China. What affected the relationship between China and Australia? Taiwan. I would say it is China's ideology that affected China-Australia relation. Australia is afraid of China's rise. We belong to two kind of people, so we would have only economy relation but no friendship. 
  The situation becomes better because of 911 in America. 911 lets the American know that their real enemy is terrorist not a certain country. Only at this time when the western fond the most horrible people in the world is not China not communism they realized that what they have done is wrong. The big brother's attitude toward China had changed, so Australia's attitude also changed. Business between China and Australia has a big growth these years. But Australia is only America's follower. Asian-Pacific is a strategic site for America, and Australia is America's police here. The boss armed his police with his most top-of-the-line weapons. What's the role of China? China is only a friend of them, although not a good friend, but obviously not an enemy now. 
  Apart from America, Japan is also a very important factor that affects China-Australia relation. Japan was Australia's enemy in the Second World War. In 1957, Japan prime Menzies visited Australia. After that time Japan and Australia relationship became normal. In the 1990s their relation became more and more close. China and Australia are both the injured state of Japan in the Second World War, but Japan's attitude to the history about Australia is much better than to China. Although China and Japan are the equal country of trade to Australia but when it comes to the choice Australia would choose Japan but not China. 

## Trade problems
  China is Australia's largest trading country, and Australia is China's 8th biggest trading country these years. The value of trade is increasing for each country. China is Australia's factory. 
  
# Prospects
I think Australia is the most suitable place to emigrate to for Chinese.

A global migration intentions survey revealed that China's potential net migration index is minus 6%(Gallup, 2010-2012). That's to say, China is not a destination country but a source country. Sina.com survey showed that 88.7% of Chinese wanted to emigrate while only 2.4% didn't(Sina, 2010). Like 95% of the respondents of Sina.com survey, I also agree that emigration is a normal and reasonable issue that has nothing to do with patriotism. Unlike the majority who favored of America or say north America I prefer Australia, factoring in social conditions, physical health and reproduction.

Social conditions includes relative fair opportunities, lower corruption rate, freedom of expression, almost no Internet censorship, human rights and etc(Sina, 2010). Firstly, opportunity and corruption. Almost everyone who has no good background including me suffered once or more from corruption in China. When I was a middle school student, all students in grade one had to be reassigned. Of course, I was not afraid that because I aced out the math exam and my other subjects' grades were also very good. But unexpectedly, I was lifted from the list of key classes. Later I knew that a student's father bribed the headmaster and I became the victim. Secondly, freedom of expression. Like almost all advanced countries, Australia is a free country where you would state all your opinions openly and surf the Internet with no GFW's interference. Thirdly, human rights. Humanitarianism has nothing to do with ordinary Chinese but Australia has a very egalitarian culture. Today China is like the Colosseum, and only the strongest species may survive, and triumph, and gain the glory and riches. And the innocent might really have to suffer. Do you agree that China is giving up a part of its people?

Pollution and food safety are the most serious threats to people's physical health in China. Polluted environment especially in metropolis has an impressive and rapid impact on health in China. Zhong Nanshan, a member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering, has said that the country's air pollution is a problem worse than SARS(CCTV, 2013). Except the air pollution, water pollution is also a tough nut to crack. Media reported that eighty nine per cent of drinking water in China is too polluted to drink because seven main rivers have been seriously polluted(Chinacitywater, 2010). What's more, food may led us to sterility. Once on the train a woman asked me a question which shocked me. Do you know what kind of drug is used often in order to accelerate animals' growth? Contraceptive is used even for fruit, she told me. However, the situation in Australia is much better. According to statisticbrain.com Australia ranked the 3rd on the list of Countries Ranked by Air Pollution(2014). For water quality indicator value, Australia ranked 20th, but China ranked 84th(UNESCO, 2002). When it comes to food safety, a story would let us know how strict it is for Australian restaurant to ensure food hygiene quality. Once a Chinese-Australian went to a restaurant run by a former mayor of Melbourne for lunch or whatever. After his food served, he found a cockroach in it. The result is that the restaurateur was fined 70k Australian Dollar and the restaurant was ordered to suspend, which would often make an ordinary restaurateur went to broke.

Childbearing policy and welfare system including education welfare are two aspects that attract foreigners. To keep the number of people from growing too fast, the Chinese government limits couples to one child. However Australia government has offered couples incentives to have more children. Australian welfare system makes it easy to meet minimum survive standards for its people. When common people can gain the most fundamental survival guarantee, they would fully engage in the work. So, the immigrant and his/her descendants need not to worry about extra-birth and the burden of raising children any more. Furthermore, education system there is much better than the system in China. And there are absolutely no substandard milk powder and foodstuff added contraceptive sold in the market for kids.

Many people find some cons of emigration. Life convenience, relationship and feasibility are major scruples.

It is not as convenient as in China to shop in Australia. It is said that on-line shopping is very inconvenient. But I want to say that car and refrigerator would solve all problems. Yes, immigrants have to part from their relatives and friends and need to build new relationships in a whole new country. But, don't forget the Internet which would connect them with their relatives and friends in China. To say the least, there are many people in China who leave their homes in village to big cities like Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou already. So, leaving hometown is not a big problem. Plus, it takes only about 10 hours to fly from Australia to China.

Some people say that it is very difficult to immigrate into Australia. Let's talk about the ways first. Two programs are available for the immigrants: Business Migration Program and Highly Skilled Migrant Program. Many Chinese migrate through investment immigration schemes. The maximum amount of investment is 5 million AUD and the minimum is 800 thousand AUD(investinaustralia.com, 2014). Yes, ordinary people obviously would not invest so much money. But I don't think it is impossible for the youth to gain at least 5 million RMB in five to ten years. If one has a skill Australia needs he would migrate through highly skilled immigration schemes. If one's current occupation, or an occupation in which one has engaged in for several years, is on the Skilled Occupation List, then he/she can apply for permanent residency to Australia under the skilled categories(workpermit.com, 2014). I think those who are laborious and excelsior can meet all the requirements.

Nationally, China would better encourage emigration to alleviate the population pressure on one hand, and on the other hand to dampen mass discontent. And I think Australia is a very good place for immigration. Personally, if one has the will and ability it is absolutely a brilliant choice to emigrate from China to Australia. Finally, if one has the will he/she will finally find the way.
